doc: add Fixed issues and known issues in release_notes_0.6 (#2532)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: doc/release_notes_0.6.rst

   **Impact:** Cannot use network in UOS.

   **Workaround:** None. The issues will be fixed in the next release.

:acrn-issue:`1991` - Input is useless in UART Console for corner case
   Input is useless in UART Console for a corner case,
   demonstrated with these steps:

   1) Boot to SOS

   2) ssh into the SOS.

   3) use "./launch_UOS.sh" to boot UOS.

   4) On the host, use "minicom -s dev/ttyUSB0".

   5) Use "sos_console 0" to launch SOS.

   **Impact:** Failed to use UART for input in corner case.

   **Workaround:** Enter other keys before typing :kbd:`Enter`.

:acrn-issue:`1996` - There is an error log when using "acrnd&" to boot UOS
   An error log is printed when starting acrnd as a background job
   (``acrnd&``) to boot UOS. The UOS still boots up
   normally, but prints: “Failed to open the socket(sos-lcs) to query the reason for the wake-up.
   Activating all vms when acrnd & to boot uos."

   **Impact:** UOS boots normally, but prints an error log message.

   **Workaround:** None.

:acrn-issue:`2267` - [APLUP2][LaaG]LaaG can't detect 4k monitor 
   After launching UOS on APL UP2 , 4k monitor cannot be detected.

>    **Impact:** UOS hasn't display with 4k monitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Impact:** UOS can't display on a 4k monitor.
```

>    **Workaround:** None.

Reviewer: Seems like a workaround would be simply:
```suggestion
   **Workaround:** Use a monitor with less than 4k resolution.
```

:acrn-issue:`2276` - OVMF failed to launch UOS on UP2.
   UP2 failed to launch UOS using OVMF as virtual bootloader with acrn-dm. 

   **Impact:** UOS cannot boot up using OVMF

   **Workaround:** Use VSBL as virtual bootloader

:acrn-issue:`2278` - [KBLNUC] Cx/Px is not supported on KBLNUC
   C states/P states is not supported on KBL NUC.

   **Impact:** Power Management states related operations cannot be using in SOS/UOS on KBLNUC

   **Workaround:** None 

:acrn-issue:`2279` - [APLNUC]After exiting UOS with mediator Usb_KeyBoard and Mouse, SOS cannot use the 
   Usb_KeyBoard and Mouse
   After exiting UOS with mediator Usb_KeyBoard and Mouse, SOS cannot use the Usb_KeyBoard and Mouse.
   Reproduce Steps as below:

   1) Insert USB keyboard and mouse in standard A port（USB3.0 port）

   2) Boot UOS by sharing the USB keyboard and mouse in cmd line:

>    -s n,xhci,1-1:1-2:1-3:1-4:2-1:2-2:2-3:2-4 \

Reviewer: need to indent this line and change the text formatting:
```suggestion
      ``-s n,xhci,1-1:1-2:1-3:1-4:2-1:2-2:2-3:2-4 \``
```

   3) UOS access USB keyboard and mouse.

   4) Exit UOS.

   5) SOS access USB keyboard and mouse. 

   **Impact:** SOS cannot use USB keyboard and mouse in such case.

   **Workaround:** Unplug and plug-in the USB keyboard and mouse after exiting UOS.

:acrn-issue:`2338` - [UP2]Lost 2G memory in SOS when using SBL as bootloader on UP2.

>        After using SBL as bootloader to boot UP2, SOS only has 2G memory with 4G physical memory bank.

Reviewer: too many leading spaces (needs to be indented the same as the lines below):
```suggestion
    After using SBL as bootloader to boot UP2, SOS only has 2G memory with 4G physical memory bank.
```

   **Impact:** lost 2G memory in SOS.

   **Workaround:** Modify SBL Memory setting file "CfgData_Ext_Up2.dlt", see details in issue comments.

:acrn-issue:`2522` - [NUC7i7BNH]After starting ias in SOS, there is no display 

>        On NUC7i7BNH, after starting ias in SOS, there is no display. And this issue only occurs on this model NUC which with TPC to VGA connector. 

Reviewer: Fix indent here too, and wording:
```suggestion
    On NUC7i7BNH, after starting IAS in SOS, there is no display if the monitor is
    connected with a TPC to VGA connector. 
```

>        On NUC7i7BNH, after starting ias in SOS, there is no display. And this issue only occurs on this model NUC which with TPC to VGA connector. 

Reviewer: What is a TPC connector?  Do you mean DisplayPort to VGA?

Reviewer 2: Type-C

   **Impact:** Special model [NUC7i7BNH] has no display in SOS.

   **Workaround:** None.

> :acrn-issue:`2523` - UOS monitor does not display when using ias

Reviewer: IAS should be capitalized, right?
```suggestion
:acrn-issue:`2523` - UOS monitor does not display when using IAS
```

>       It fails to use ias weston in UOS. There is no display for UOS after starting ias weston.

Reviewer: Fix indent and wording:
```suggestion
   There is no UOS display after starting IAS weston.
```

   **Impact:** Cannot use ias weston in UOS.

   **Workaround:** 

>               1) To use weston instead of ias weson. (swupd install x11-server)

Reviewer: Indent should only be 6 spaces here (and below)
```suggestion
      1) Use weston instead of IAS weson:  ``swupd install x11-server``
```

              2) Use acrn-kernel to rebuild SOS kernel to replace integrated kernel. To confirm "DRM_FBDEV_EMULATION" related configs in kernel_config_sos should as below:

                .. code-block:: bash
              
                             CONFIG_DRM_KMS_FB_HELPER=y
                             CONFIG_DRM_FBDEV_EMULATION=y
                             CONFIG_DRM_FBDEV_OVERALLOC=100

    The issues will be fixed in the next release.

:acrn-issue:`2524` - [UP2][SBL] Launching UOS hang while weston is running in SOS

>       After using weston in SOS, it will hang during UOS launching.

Reviewer: fix indent to be the same as the lines below
```suggestion
   When using weston in SOS, it will hang during the UOS launch.
```

   **Impact:** launching UOS hang, and then no display in UOS.

>    **Workaround:** Use acrn-kernel to rebuild SOS kernel to replace integrated kernel. To confirm "DRM_FBDEV_EMULATION" related configs in kernel_config_sos should as below:

Reviewer: Please keep line length to less than 80 characters...
```suggestion
   **Workaround:** Use acrn-kernel to rebuild SOS kernel to replace
   the integrated kernel. Confirm "DRM_FBDEV_EMULATION" related
   configs in kernel_config_sos are as below:
```

                .. code-block:: bash
              
                             CONFIG_DRM_KMS_FB_HELPER=y
                             CONFIG_DRM_FBDEV_EMULATION=y
                             CONFIG_DRM_FBDEV_OVERALLOC=100

    The issues will be fixed in the next release.

:acrn-issue:`2527` - [KBLNUC][HV]System will crash when run crashme (SOS/UOS)

>       If running crashme tool in SOS/UOS for stress test, system will crash after minutes.

Reviewer: fix indent:
```suggestion
   System will crash after a few minutes running stress test crashme tool in SOS/UOS.
```

What is this crashme tool?  It's not documented anywhere?

   **Impact:** System may crash in some stress situation. 

   **Workaround:** None

:acrn-issue:`2528` - [APLUP2] SBL (built by SBL latest code) failed to boot ACRN hypervisor

>       SBL built by latest slimbootloader code (HEAD->ad42a2bd6e4a6364358b9c712cb54e821ee7ee42) failed to boot acrn hypervisor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   SBL built by latest slimbootloader code (HEAD->ad42a2bd6e4a6364358b9c712cb54e821ee7ee42) failed to boot acrn hypervisor.
```

   **Impact:** UP2 with SBL cannot boot acrn hypervisor. 

>    **Workaround:** Use SBL built by earlier slimbootloader code (commit id:edc112328cf3e414523162dd75dc3614e42579fe) can boot acrn hypervisor normally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Workaround:** Use SBL built by earlier slimbootloader code (commit id:edc112328cf3e414523162dd75dc3614e42579fe).  
   This older version can boot acrn hypervisor normally.
```
